[Zero Trust] dns changes (#3332)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/policies/filtering/dns-policies-builder/check-policy.md

 If the Block page is **enabled** for the policy, then you should see `NOERROR` in the answer section and `162.159.36.12` and `162.159.46.12` as the answers when the domain is successfully blocked.

 ![Blocked when block page enabled](../../../static/documentation/faq/blocked-enabled.png)

## Test a DNS policy

If you are blocking a security threat or content category, you can test that the policy is working by using the **test domain** associated with each category.

Once you have configured your Gateway policy to block the category, the test domain will show a block page when you attempt to visit the domain in your browser, or will return `REFUSED` when you perform `dig` using the command-line interface.

### Test domains

#### One-word categories

Test domains use the following format for categories with one-word names:

```txt
NAME_OF_CATEGORY.testcategory.com
```

| Category | Test domain |
| -------- | ----------- |
| *Malware* | `malware.testcategory.com` |
| *Phishing* | `phishing.testcategory.com` |
| *Cryptomining* | `cryptomining.testcategory.com` |

#### Multi-word categories

> If the category has multiple words in the name (e.g. *Parked & For Sale Domains*) then the test domain uses the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the category has multiple words in the name (for example, *Parked & For Sale Domains*) then the test domain uses the following format:
```
